---
layout: post
title:  "Officially Started"
date:  2017-05-09
categories: jekyll update
---
So this post might end up being a tad longer then my others. Many things have happened since we kicked off both our World Premiere and our Soft Opening Premiere, both of which kicked 'ASS' if I do say so myself 😁. Every show was feeling better and better then the last with only minor slip ups here and there on our end. I got my first cirque bike together finally and dang did that thing feel like heaven in comparison to my personal whip. I would say it was mostly just fresh parts over everything else but what ever it was made me hella stoked right away on it, but just when you think things are going awesome is when shit usually takes a bit of a turn for the worse. I started to get a bit of a headcold a day or two before finishing the cirque bike so that was making things a bit of a challenge, but ofcourse that wouldn't be the end of things. During one of our shows that was going incredibly awesome I was headed to the back quarter to get my last pass in and "BOOM" low and behold my brand new chain decides that it's time to snap and send me catapulting into the side of the take off. I was less then pleased to say the least. So now I am in a predicament for the day after the crash, I'm getting more sick and now I add some serious body pain to the equation. But for me I can't just give in and not try and make the show easier for the rest of the guys so I decided against my own judgement that kept saying just take the night off to ride and do as little as possible to just make things work out for everyone else. Not that our show is overly hard to pull off but with your head being stuffed up and your throat essentially not allowing you to breath and the mix of your body not moving like it should made things so so so much more challenging then need be. On a plus note of all this though I picked up a couple more quick queues in Act 1 that has been helping the show flow through much quicker and much better. Before I shut this post out we also got our practice ramps finally and they are very interesting. Fun as 'F' but tight with copping, deathly missing my pegs while we ride that set-up each and everyday. Hopefully get my second bike set-up as soon as possible and get some pegs ripping on it.

<div class="instagram-link"><b>UNTIL NEXT TIME Y'ALL</b></div>

<div class="instagram-link"><div style="width:100%;height:0;padding-bottom:56%;position:relative;"><iframe src="//giphy.com/embed/3o6ZtqcKgqEZh76uOc" width="100%" height="100%" style="position:absolute" frameBorder="0" class="giphy-embed" allowFullScreen></iframe></div></div>

<div class="quote"><b>"We become what we think about most of the time, and that’s the strangest secret.”</b>
