---
layout: post
title:  "BIKE SHOW WEEKEND SUCCESS"
date:   2017-03-07
categories: jekyll update
---
So the 31st Toronto International Bike Show went down this past weekend and the 3rd official Toronto X-Jam contest took place during it. This is the 12th consecutive year I have been to the event and I think this might possibly be my most favorite one. Not only was the riding on another level but the ramps and the organization were all seriously on point. Zebbo the head dude for the bmx/mtb contest side of things was killing it and without him and the crew (Brit, John, Greg and Kev) it would have been pure chaos. Not only did I get to finally give an attempt to a trick that I have been waiting to do since last X-Jam but I was fortunate enough to actually land it 😁. I also rode well enough to not only qualify in 6th place but rode the next day again just as well as qualifications and stayed and held onto my 6th place. Not my best ever finish at one of the Toronto shows but I think this might be my most appreciative one because of everthing that went on. Since I'm 29 now to end up in 6th place against some of the top heavy hitters in the bmx world feels amazing and feels as though I still got it 💪 haha. All in all a magical weekend and now time to get my head back into the tech/coding and school mindset and push on with the other aspect of life that I'm enjoying the pursuit of.

<div class="quote"><b>"If you want to find the secrets of the universe, think in terms of energy, frequency, and vibration." - Nikola Tesla</b>

<div class="instagram-link"><blockquote class="instagram-media" data-instgrm-version="7" style=" background:#FFF; border:0; border-radius:3px; box-shadow:0 0 1px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.5),0 1px 10px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.15); margin: 1px; max-width:658px; padding:0; width:99.375%; width:-webkit-calc(100% - 2px); width:calc(100% - 2px);"><div style="padding:8px;"> <div style=" background:#F8F8F8; line-height:0; margin-top:40px; padding:50.0% 0; text-align:center; width:100%;"> <div style=" background:url(data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACwAAAAsCAMAAAApWqozAAAABGdBTUEAALGPC/xhBQAAAAFzUkdCAK7OHOkAAAAMUExURczMzPf399fX1+bm5mzY9AMAAADiSURBVDjLvZXbEsMgCES5/P8/t9FuRVCRmU73JWlzosgSIIZURCjo/ad+EQJJB4Hv8BFt+IDpQoCx1wjOSBFhh2XssxEIYn3ulI/6MNReE07UIWJEv8UEOWDS88LY97kqyTliJKKtuYBbruAyVh5wOHiXmpi5we58Ek028czwyuQdLKPG1Bkb4NnM+VeAnfHqn1k4+GPT6uGQcvu2h2OVuIf/gWUFyy8OWEpdyZSa3aVCqpVoVvzZZ2VTnn2wU8qzVjDDetO90GSy9mVLqtgYSy231MxrY6I2gGqjrTY0L8fxCxfCBbhWrsYYAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC); display:block; height:44px; margin:0 auto -44px; position:relative; top:-22px; width:44px;"></div></div><p style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px; margin-bottom:0; margin-top:8px; overflow:hidden; padding:8px 0 7px; text-align:center; text-overflow:ellipsis; white-space:nowrap;"><a href="https://www.instagram.com/p/BRSAx6DBlkp/" style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; line-height:17px; text-decoration:none;" target="_blank">A post shared by Steven Moxley (@stevenmox)</a> on <time style=" font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px;" datetime="2017-03-06T03:23:05+00:00">Mar 5, 2017 at 7:23pm PST</time></p></div></blockquote> <script async defer src="//platform.instagram.com/en_US/embeds.js"></script>
